OD. Iteration plan
Correct
c):The cost management plan is a component of the project or program management plan that
describes how costs will be planned, structured, and controlled for the project.
153. You are tasked with creating a hierarchical representation that illustrates the relationship between project
activities and the organizational units that will perform those activities. Which artifact should you develop for
this purpose?
A. Organizational breakdown structure
B. Product breakdown structure
OC. Resource breakdown structure
OD. Risk breakdown structure
Correct
An organizational breakdown structure is a hierarchical representation of the project organization,
illustrating the relationship between project activities and the organizational units that will perform
those activities.
1/1 point
154. Your project team needs to compare actual performance to approved versions of work products or plans to
identify variances. Which type of baseline would you use to compare actual results with a pre-approved scope
statement, work breakdown structure (WBS), and associated WBS dictionary?
1/1 point
A. Budget
B. Milestone schedule
OC. Performance measurement baseline
D. Scope baseline
Correct
d):A scope baseline is the approved version of a scope statement, work breakdown structure (WBS),
and its associated WBS dictionary that serves as the basis for comparison with actual results to
identify variances.
155. You're analyzing the relationship between two variables in your project and need a graphical representation.
Which visual data artifact would you use to depict this relationship?
OA. Affinity diagram
OB. Burndown/burnup chart
OC. Cause-and-effect diagram
OD. Scatter diagram
Correct
d): A scatter diagram is used to show the relationship between two variables, making it suitable for
depicting the relationship between two aspects in your project.
156. Your project requires procuring goods and services from outside performing organization. However, the
project scope is subject to frequent change. Which type of contract would you most likely use in this scenario?
O A. Fixed-price contract
OB. Cost-reimbursable contract
OC. Time and materials contract
OD. Indefinite delivery indefinite quantity (IDIQ) contract
Correct
b):Cost-reimbursable contract Explanation: Cost-reimbursable contracts involve payments to the
seller for actual costs incurred for completing the work plus a fee representing seller profit. These
contracts are often used when the project scope is not well defined or is subject to frequent change.
1/1 point
1/1 point
157. You need to create a record of product requirements and relevant information to manage those
requirements, including category, priority, and acceptance criteria. Which artifact would you develop to
address this need?
1/1 point
OA. Activity list
OB. Bid documents