Correct
c):Storming is the right choice because it involves conflicts and struggles as team members jockey for
position and figure out how to work together.
178. Your project team has reached a stage where members work well together, don't require constant oversight,
and experience synergies. They have a high level of performance and operate smoothly. According to the
Drexler/Sibbet Team Performance Model, which stage of team development has your project team achieved?
OA. Trust Building
OB. Implementation
C. High Performance
OD. Goal Clarification
Correct
c):High Performance is the right choice because it describes the stage where project team members
work well together, don't need much oversight, and experience synergies.
1/1 point
179. Your project team has successfully completed its work, and members are now dispersing to work on other
projects. Some team members express sadness about leaving the project team due to the relationships
formed. According to the Tuckman Ladder model, which stage of team development is your project team
currently experiencing?
1/1 point
OA. Forming
B. Adjourning
OC. Norming
OD. Performing
Correct
b):Adjourning is the right choice because it represents the stage where the project team completes its
work and disperses, possibly with feelings of sadness about leaving
180. A project manager is facing a situation where the cause-and-effect relationship is not obvious, and there are
no clear right answers. The project environment is constantly changing in response to various stimuli. What
approach should the project manager adopt to address this complexity?
OA. Apply known best practices and analyze the situation carefully.
B. Probe the environment, sense the situation, and respond with action.
OC. Take immediate action to stabilize the situation and then assess for stability.
OD. Break the situation into smaller parts and categorize them.
Correct
b) in complex relationships, as described in the Cynefin Framework, the project manager should
probe the environment, sense the situation, and respond with action. This approach allows for
repeated cycles of probe-sense-respond as the complex environment evolves.
1/1 point