69. As a project manager, you want to measure the financial return compared to the cost of your project
investment. Which business value metric can help you assess the expected present value of an investment
with the initial cost?
OA. Cost-benefit ratio
OB. Planned benefits delivery compared to actual benefits delivery
OC. Return on investment (ROI)
OD. Net present value (NPV)
Correct
The cost-benefit ratio is a business value metric that measures the expected present value of an
investment with the initial cost. The cost-benefit ratio is used to determine if the costs of a project
outweigh its benefits. If the costs are greater than the benefits, the result will be greater than 1.0,
indicating that the project should not be considered unless there are regulatory, social good, or other
reasons to do the project.
70. As a project manager, you want to evaluate the efficiency of the work process and optimize the flow of work
in your project. Which resource measurement calculates the ratio between value-adding time and non-value-
adding activities in lean systems?
A. Planned resource utilization compared to actual resource utilization
OB. Process efficiency
O C. Queue size
OD. Batch size
Correct
Planned resource utilization compared to actual resource utilization. Planned resource utilization
compared to actual resource utilization is a resource measurement that compares the actual usage of
resources to the estimated usage. It does not directly address process efficiency or the ratio between
value-adding time and non-value-adding activities.
71. As a project manager, you want to measure stakeholder satisfaction and loyalty to your project. Which metric
measures the degree to which a stakeholder is willing to recommend the project's deliverables to others?
A. Mood chart
B. Net Promoter Score®
O C. Morale
OD. Turnover
Correct
Net Promoter Score (NPS). The Net Promoter Score (NPS) measures the degree to which a
stakeholder, usually the customer, is willing to recommend a product or service (in this case, project
deliverables) to others. It provides insight into stakeholder satisfaction and loyalty. The NPS ranges
from -100 to +100, with higher scores indicating higher satisfaction and potential loyalty.
72. As a project manager, you want to assess the mood and reactions of your project team. Which visual
representation can help you track the mood or reactions of the project team on a daily basis?
OA. Net Promoter Score (NPS)
B. Mood chart using emojis
O C. Morale survey
OD. Turnover rate analysis
Correct
A mood chart using emojis is a visual representation that can help track the mood or reactions of the
project team on a daily basis. Project team members can use colors, numbers, or emojis to indicate
their frame of mind at the end of each day. This tracking can assist in identifying potential issues and
areas for improvement
73. As a project manager, you want to estimate the expected total cost of completing all work in your project.
Which earned value management measure provides this forecast?
O A. Variance at completion (VAC)
O B. To-complete performance index
C. Estimate at completion
1/1 point
1/1 point
1/1 point
1/1 point
1/1 point
"