UB. The project team is emectively managing formal communication channels.
OC. Stakeholders have not been adequately engaged in the project.
D. Further stakeholder engagement is necessary to meet information requirements.
Correct
Further stakeholder engagement is necessary to meet information requirements. An abundance of ad
hoc requests for information may indicate that the communication planning was not sufficient to
meet stakeholder needs. In this situation, further stakeholder engagement may be necessary to
ensure that stakeholder information requirements are adequately met.
47. You are a project manager responsible for a large project that involves several procurements. How are the
request for proposals (RFP), statement of work (SOW), and request for quote (RFQ) different from one
another?
1/1 point
A. RFP is used for complex or complicated scope, while SOW is used when price is the main deciding
factor
B. RFP is used when price is the main deciding factor, while RFQ is used for complex or complicated
OC. RFQ is used for simple scope where the buyer is looking for the vendor to provide a solution.
OD. SOW is used for complex or complicated scope where the buyer is looking for the vendor to provide a
Correct
The Request for Proposal (RFP) is used for complex or complicated scope where the buyer is looking
for the vendor to provide a solution. On the other hand, the Statement of Work (SOW) is used when
price is the main deciding factor, and the buyer already knows what they want from the vendor. The
Request for Quote (RFQ) is used when the proposed solution is readily available and price is the main
deciding factor.
48. As a project manager, you want to ensure that knowledge transfer occurs effectively within the organization.
What type of knowledge can be readily codified using words, pictures, or numbers?
A. Explicit knowledge.
OB. Tacit knowledge.
OC. Project-specific knowledge.
OD. Industry-specific knowledge.
Correct
Explicit knowledge can be readily codified using words, pictures, or numbers. It is tangible and can
be documented or distributed using information management tools.
49. You are a project manager assessing the efficiency of your project team's management of physical resources.
What aspect of the project's physical resource management should you examine to determine efficiency?
OA. The number of stakeholders involved in managing physical resources.
B. The amount of material used, scrap discarded, and rework
OC. The types of physical resources procured for the project.
OD. The time and location for physical resource deliveries.
Correct
The amount of material used, scrap discarded, and rework. To determine the efficiency of managing
physical resources, the project manager should examine the amount of material used, scrap
discarded, and rework. This assessment can help identify waste and inefficiencies in the use of
physical resources
50. You are managing a project in a manufacturing industry where product quality is crucial. To ensure defects
are detected before reaching the customer, which category of cost associated with quality focuses on finding
and correcting defects before the customer receives the product?
OA. Prevention costs
OB. Appraisal costs
OC. Internal failure costs
OD. External failure costs
Correct
Internal failure costs are incurred to find and correct defects before the customer receives the
product. These costs are associated with activities aimed at detecting and resolving defects within the
project before they impact the customer.
1/1 point
1/1 point
1/1 point