a) Decoupling involves disconnecting parts of the system to both simplify the system and reduce the
number of connected variables. By determining how a piece of the system works on its own, the
overall size of the problem is reduced, making it easier to manage complexity.
83. A project manager is evaluating possible responses to a risk event that, if it occurs, will have a negative
impact on the project. The project team believes that the threat is outside the project's scope and requires
higher authority to address. What strategy should the project manager consider for dealing with this risk?
A. Escalate
○ B. Mitigate
OC. Accept
OD. Transfer
Correct
a) The project manager should consider the "Escalate" strategy for dealing with a risk event that is
outside the project's scope or requires higher authority to address. Escalation involves bringing the
risk to the attention of the appropriate authority, such as the project sponsor or senior management,
who have the authority and resources to address the risk.
1/1 point
84. A project manager is facing an environment with rapid and unpredictable changes in available skill sets and
materials. This volatility is impacting the project's cost and schedule. What approach can the project manager
use to address volatility?
1/1 point
O Fail-safe mechanism
OB. Alternatives analysis
OC. Progressive elaboration
OD. Reframing the project objectives
Correct
b) To address volatility in an environment with rapid and unpredictable changes, the project
manager can use "Alternatives analysis." This involves finding and evaluating different options to
meet project objectives, such as considering alternative skill sets, resequencing work, or outsourcing
work.
85. A project manager has identified a potential risk event with a positive impact on the project objectives. What
is the appropriate term for such risks?
A. Opportunities
OB. Threats
OC. Mitigations
OD. Escalations
Correct
a) The appropriate term for potential risk events with a positive impact on the project objectives is
"Opportunities." Opportunities are positive risks that, if they occur, can have a beneficial effect on the
project.
86. As a project manager, you have identified an event that, if it occurs, will have a positive impact on the project
objectives. What is the appropriate strategy to ensure that this opportunity materializes?
OA. Avoid
B. Enhance
OC. Escalate
D. Exploit
Correct
d) The appropriate strategy to ensure that an opportunity occurs is to "Exploit." By exploiting the
opportunity, e project team takes actions to actively ensure that the positive event or condition
happens and its benefits are realized.
87. As a project manager, you are allocating an amount of time or budget to address identified risks should they
occur. What is this budget category called?
O A. Risk reserve
B. Contingency reserve
1/1 point
1/1 point
1/1 point