168. You are preparing to initiate a procurement process and want to ensure that prospective sellers have a clear
and common understanding of the project's requirements. Which type of meeting should you conduct for this
purpose?
1/1 point
A. Bidder Conference
OB. Change Control Board
OC. Daily Standup
OD. Iteration Review
Correct
a):Bidder Conference is the right choice because it involves meetings with prospective sellers to
ensure a common understanding of procurement requirements.
169. Your project has completed a phase, and you need to assess its status, value delivered, and readiness to
transition to the next phase. Which type of meeting should you conduct for this purpose?
O A. Daily Standup
OB. Project Review
OC. Release Planning
OD. Risk Review
Correct
b): Project Review is the right choice because it involves assessing the status, evaluating the value
delivered, and determining if the project is ready to move to the next phase or transition to
operations.
170. As a project manager, you are looking to strike a balance between investing time in planning to reduce risk
and avoiding overplanning. Which model is used to help identify the optimum amount of planning,
considering the trade-off between uncertainty and return on investment?
OA. Smoothing/accommodating
OB. Negotiation Models
OC. Salience Model
OD. Boehm's Planning Model
Correct
d):Boehm's Planning Model is the right choice because it helps identify the optimum amount of
planning by considering the time invested and the associated costs and benefits.
171. In which performance domain is the "Think Win-Win" principle of negotiation, as proposed by Steven Covey,
most likely to result in a scenario where each person is satisfied with the outcome?
OA. Initiating
B. Planning
OC. Executing
OD. Monitoring and Controlling
Correct
b):The "Think Win-Win" principle of negotiation is most likely to result in a scenario where each
person is satisfied with the outcome in the Planning performance domain.
172. When is the "Forcing" style of negotiation most appropriate?
O A. When maintaining harmony is important
OB. When collaboration is desired for resolution
OC. When there is a time constraint and immediate resolution is needed
OD. When a win-win outcome is desired
Correct
c):Immediate resolution is the key characteristic of the "Forcing" style, where one party imposes their
will on the other due to time constraints
1/1 point
1/1 point
1/1 point
1/1 point