OC. Metrics
OD. Requirements documentation
Correct
d): Requirements documentation is a record of product requirements and associated information,
including category, priority, and acceptance criteria.
158. Your project involves organizing potential sources of risks in a hierarchical representation. Which artifact
would you use to create this representation?
OA. Organizational breakdown structure
OB. Product breakdown structure
OC. Risk breakdown structure
OD. Work breakdown structure
Correct
c): A risk breakdown structure is a hierarchical representation of potential sources of risks, which
makes it suitable for organizing and categorizing risks in your project.
159. You're required to compare actual performance against the approved estimate for the project's work
breakdown structure (WBS) component or schedule activity. Which type of baseline would you use for this
purpose?
O A. Budget
OB. Milestone schedule
OC. Performance measurement baseline
OD. Project schedule
Correct
c):The performance measurement baseline includes integrated scope, schedule, and cost baselines,
which are used for comparison to manage, measure, and control project execution.
160. You need to track and visualize the average cycle time of completed work items over time. Which visual data
artifact would you use for this purpose?
OA. Burndown/burnup chart
OB. Cycle time chart
OC. Scatter diagram
○ D. S-curve
Correct
b): A cycle time chart shows the trend over time of the average cycle time of completed work items,
making it suitable for tracking and visualizing cycle times.
161. Your project team needs to acquire goods and services from outside the performing organization. Which plan
should you develop to address this aspect?
OA. Change control plan
OB. Communications management plan
OC. Procurement management plan
OD. Resource management plan
Correct
c):The procurement management plan is a component of the project or program management plan
that describes how a project team will acquire goods and services from outside the performing
organization.
162. You're managing a project and need to select and tailor artifacts based on the performance domain. Which
artifact would be useful in the "Dev Approach and Life Cycle" performance domain?
OA. Cycle time chart
OB. Performance measurement baseline
C. Product breakdown structure
OD. Stakeholder engagement assessment matrix
1/1 point
1/1 point
1/1 point
1/1 point
1/1 point
"