OD. Hiring more quality analysts during the later stages of the project.
Correct
Early inspection and review work to find quality issues as soon as possible. The provided information
states that being proactive about quality work and early inspection and review work help avoid the
high cost of change associated with fixing quality issues discovered later in the life cycle. It is more
cost-efficient to fix design problems early between a few stakeholders rather than dealing with
component issues impacting hundreds of units or recalling a product affecting thousands of
customers.
56. As a project manager, you are leading a project aimed at achieving a breakthrough in creating a new
technology. The project involves deliberate investment in an uncertain outcome. What is the potential risk
associated with this type of project?
O A. Scope creep due to evolving project requirements.
OB. Ineffective project management leading to negative outcomes.
C. High probability of project failure due to suboptimal outcomes.
OD. Uncertainty in delivering the project on time and within budget.
Correct
High probability of project failure due to suboptimal outcomes. The provided information states that
in projects attempting to achieve a breakthrough, such as creating a completely new technology.
there is a potential for suboptimal outcomes. This is because the project involves deliberate
investment in an uncertain outcome, and multiple failures may occur before finding a successful
formula. Therefore, there is a high probability of project failure or achieving suboptimal outcomes.
57. As a project manager, you are working in the Measurement Performance Domain to assess project
performance and maintain optimal performance. Which performance domain is the culmination of the work
done in the Planning Performance Domain?
OA. Development Approach and Life Cycle Performance Domain
OB. Delivery Performance Domain
OC. Project Work Performance Domain
OD. Measurement Performance Domain
Correct
The provided information states that the Delivery Performance Domain is the culmination of the work
done in the Planning Performance Domain. The delivery cadence is based on the way work is
structured in the Development Approach and Life Cycle Performance Domain, and the Project Work
Performance Domain enables the deliveries by establishing processes, managing resources, and
performing project work for relevant stakeholders
58. As a project manager, you want to ensure that project benefits are realized as planned. Which document or
plan can be used to check if the project benefits are being achieved in the time frame they were planned?
A. Project scope statement
OB. Risk management plan
C. Benefits realization plan and business case
OD. Quality management plan
Correct
Benefits realization plan and business case. According to the provided information, the benefits
realization plan, business case, and/or schedule can be used to check if the project benefits are being
realized in the time frame they were planned. These documents outline the expected financial metrics
and scheduled deliveries of the project and help ensure that the intended outcomes are achieved as
planned.
59. As a project manager, you want to assess whether project deliverables are on track to deliver planned
benefits. In which section of the Measurement Performance Domain can you find information on how to
check if stakeholders accept and are satisfied with project deliverables?
A. Outcome: Projects contribute to business objectives and advancement of strategy
OB. Outcome: Projects realize the outcomes they were initiated to deliver
O c. Outcome: Project benefits are realized in the time frame in which they were planned
OD. Outcome: The project team has a clear understanding of requirements
Correct
Outcome: Projects contribute to business objectives and advancement of strategy. The provided
information states that to check if stakeholders accept and are satisfied with project deliverables,
interviews, observation, and end user feedback can be used. Levels of complaints and returns can
1/1 point
1/1 point
1/1 point
1/1 point