also indicate stakeholder satisfaction. This information falls under the "Outcome: Projects contribute
to business objectives and advancement of strategy" in the Measurement Performance Domain.
60. As a project manager, you want to implement measures that predict changes or trends in the project and
help reduce performance risk. Which type of key performance indicators (KPIs) should you focus on for this
purpose?
OA. Leading indicators
B. Lagging indicators
OC. Specific indicators
OD. Meaningful indicators
Correct
Leading indicators. Leading indicators predict changes or trends in the project. They are used to
identify potential performance variances before they cross the tolerance threshold, allowing the
project team to take actions to reverse unfavourable trends and reduce performance risk.
61. As a project manager, you want to implement measures that predict changes or trends in the project and
help reduce performance risk. Which type of key performance indicators (KPIs) should you focus on for this
purpose?
A. Lagging indicators
B. Leading indicators
O C. Specific indicators
OD. Meaningful indicators
Correct
Leading indicators predict changes or trends in the project. They are used to identify potential
performance variances before they cross the tolerance threshold, allowing the project team to take
actions to reverse unfavourable trends and reduce performance risk.
62. As a project manager, you want to establish effective metrics for your project. Which characteristic of effective
metrics ensures that measurements are specific and clearly define what to measure?
O A. Meaningful
OB. Achievable
OC. Relevant
OD. Specific
Correct
The provided information states that characteristics of effective metrics (or SMART criteria) include
being specific as to what to measure. Specific measurements clearly define what to measure, such as
the number of defects, the defects that have been fixed, or the average time it takes to fix defects.
63. As a project manager, you are planning to establish a balanced set of metrics to provide a holistic picture of
your project's performance and outcomes. Which category of metrics can provide insights into progress in
achieving the technical solution?
OA. Deliverable metrics
OB. Deliver
O C. Baseline performance
OD. Resources
Correct
According to the provided information, one of the customary measures under deliverable metrics
includes "technical performance measures." These quantifiable measures are used to ensure system
components meet technical requirements and provide insights into progress in achieving the
technical solution.
64. As a project manager using an adaptive approach, you want to track the number of work items being worked
on at any given time to manage project team workload effectively. Which delivery measurement can help you
achieve this?
O A. Lead time
OB. Cycle time
1/1 point
1/1 point
1/1 point
1/1 point
1/1 point