OC. Queue size
OD. Work in progress
Correct
Work in progress. The provided information states that "work in progress" is a delivery measurement
that indicates the number of work items being worked on at any given time. It is used to help the
project team limit the number of items in progress to a manageable size, effectively managing the
project team's workload.
65. As a project manager, you want to optimize the flow of work in your project and identify areas for
improvement in the process. Which delivery measurement can be used to calculate the ratio between value-
adding time and non-value-adding activities in lean systems?
OA. Lead time
OB. Cycle time
OC. Process efficiency
O D. Queue size
Correct
Lead time. Lead time indicates the amount of elapsed time from a story or chunk of work entering
the backlog to the end of the iteration or the release. While important for measuring elapsed time, it
does not specifically address process efficiency.
66. As a project manager, you want to assess whether the project is accomplishing work as planned and whether
estimates for the amount of work and time are valid. Which schedule measure can help you evaluate actual
performance compared to planned performance for start and finish dates?
O A. Schedule variance
B. Schedule variance
OC. Schedule performance index (SPI)
OD. Feature completion rates
Correct
Schedule variance (SV) is a schedule measure that compares actual performance to planned
performance, particularly related to start and finish dates. It is determined by looking at performance
on the critical path. If the actual start and finish dates deviate from the planned start and finish dates,
it indicates that the project is not performing to plan.
67. As a project manager, you want to assess how efficiently the work is being performed with regard to the
budgeted cost of the work. Which cost measure can help you determine this in the context of earned value
management?
OA. Actual cost compared to planned cost
OB. Cost variance (CV)
OC. Cost performance index (CPI)
OD. Cost-benefit ratio
Correct
Cost-benefit ratio. The cost-benefit ratio is a measure of the expected present value of an investment
with the initial cost. It is used to determine if the costs of a project outweigh its benefits. While
important for evaluating investments, it does not specifically address efficiency in cost
performance.The cost measure that can help the project manager determine how efficiently the work
is being performed with regard to the budgeted cost of the work is "Cost performance index (CPI)."
68. As a project manager, you want to evaluate resource utilization in your project and compare the actual usage
of resources to the estimated usage. Which resource measurement can help you determine the usage
variance?
A. Planned resource utilization compared to actual resource utilization B
OB. Planned resource cost compared to actual resource cost
OC. Actual cost compared to planned cost
OD. Price variance
Correct
The provided information states that planned resource utilization compared to actual resource
utilization is a resource measurement that compares the actual usage of resources to the estimated
usage. A usage variance is calculated by subtracting the planned usage from the actual usage.
1/1 point
1/1 point
1/1 point
1/1 point
"