OC. Opportunity reserve
D. Management reserve
Correct
b) The budget category set aside to address identified risks should they occur is called "Contingency
reserve." It is a provision within the overall project budget to handle the impact of identified risks.
88. As a project manager, you have implemented risk responses to address identified risks. What should you
review to assess the effectiveness of the planned responses?
OA. Stakeholder engagement
OB. Schedule performance
OC. Secondary risks
OD. Resource allocation
Correct
c)As a project manager, you should review the planned risk responses to assess whether they have
added any secondary risks. Secondary risks are risks that arise as a result of implementing certain risk
responses. This review is important to ensure that the planned responses do not inadvertently create
new risks.
89. As a project manager, you want to ensure that your team is proactively exploring and responding to
uncertainty. What should you assess to determine if risk responses are aligned with project constraints?
OA. Resource availability
OB. Project objectives
OC. Stakeholder communication
OD. Risk appetite
Correct
b) To ensure that risk responses are aligned with project constraints, you should assess whether they
are aligned with the prioritization of project constraints, such as budget, schedule, and performance.
The risk responses should be designed to support the achievement of project objectives.
1/1 point
1/1 point
90. As a project manager, you have identified a potential threat that may have a significant negative impact on
the project objectives. However, the project team agrees that no proactive action is planned for this threat.
What is the appropriate term for this strategy?
1/1 point
OA. Exploit
O B. Avoid
OC. Mitigate
OD. Accept
Correct
d)The appropriate term for a strategy where the existence of a threat is acknowledged, but no
proactive action is planned to address it is "Accept." Accepting a risk means that the project team
acknowledges the risk's existence but chooses not to take any proactive action to avoid or mitigate it.
91. You are putting together a project team to deliver an accounting system to offices around the country. The
accounting system you are moving to has not been used by anyone in your organisation before. The project is
quite high risk, and the delivery needs to be right the first time. What will you do next?
1/1 point
OA. Select a small team that can work in the same area so they can solve problems as they arise.
B. Use a predictive project approach and source part of your team externally if they have skillsets in the
new system.
OC. Train existing internal staff in the new system then have them work on the project.
OD. Perform a make or buy analysis on the different software options.
Correct
b) The benefit that outside skills bring to the project are weighed against the costs that will be
incurred. With higher risk and a single delivery, a waterfall or predictive project delivery approach is
best.