is the key benefit of tailoring the project approach for such a project?
O A. More efficient use of project resources
OB. Better customer-oriented focus
C. Enhanced commitment from project team members
OD. Reduced project costs
Correct
c) One of the key benefits of tailoring the project approach for a critical project with a high number of
stakeholders involved is that it leads to enhanced commitment from project team members who were
involved in tailoring the approach. When team members are part of the decision-making process, they
are more likely to be committed to the project's success.
93. As a project manager, you are deciding on the life cycle and phases of the life cycle for your project. What is
example of tailoring in this context?
an
A. Using predictive approaches only for the entire project.
B. Combining predictive and iterative approaches for different project teams
O C. Selecting the same development and delivery approach for all project aspects.
OD. Employing iterative approaches exclusively for the project.
Correct
b) Combining predictive and iterative approaches for different project teams. An example of tailoring
in the context of life cycle and development approach selection is combining predictive and iterative
approaches for different project teams. For instance, a project to build a new data center may involve
the use of predictive approaches for the physical building construction and finishing, while employing
an iterative approach for understanding and establishing the computing capabilities required.
94. As a project manager, you are tailoring the processes for your project. Which option represents a form of
process tailoring?
A. Using the same standard set of processes for all projects.
B. Adding independent inspections for safety-critical projects.
OC. Applying more processes than required for all projects.
OD. Removing any modifications to project documents.
Correct
b). Adding independent inspections for safety-critical projects represents a form of process tailoring
where specific portions or elements are added to bring required rigor and coverage based on the
unique characteristics of safety-critical projects.
95. As a project manager, you are tailoring engagement for the people involved in the project. What does
empowerment involve in this context?
A. Deferring responsibilities to the project team
B. Assigning project team members based on project type
OC. Evaluating the skills of the project leadership
OD. Using an iterative development approach for the project
Correct
a) Deferring responsibilities to the project team. In the context of engagement tailoring.
empowerment involves choosing which responsibilities and forms of local decision making should be
deferred to the project team. It means empowering the project team with appropriate authority and
autonomy to make decisions related to their work.
96. Scenario: You have been appointed as the project manager for a new product development project at a
startup company. The project involves creating an innovative mobile application with a highly dynamic and
rapidly changing market. As you start the tailoring process, you need to determine the development approach
that best suits the project's unique characteristics. What tool can help you evaluate whether a predictive,
hybrid, or adaptive approach is more suitable for your project?
A. Earned Value Management (EVM) analysis.
OB. Stakeholder analysis and engagement plan.
C. Project Complexity Assessment Tool (PCAT).
1/1 point
1/1 point
1/1 point
1/1 point