OD. Estimate to completion
Correct
The Estimate at Completion (EAC) is an earned value management measure that forecasts the
expected total cost of completing all work in the project. It considers past performance and is
calculated by dividing the Budget at Completion (BAC) by the Cost Performance Index (CPI) or using
other acceptable calculation methods.
74. As a project manager, you want to present project status and key metrics to stakeholders in a visually
summarized format. Which common method of showing large quantities of information on metrics
electronically with high-level summaries and drill-down analysis is best suited for this purpose?
A. Dashboard
OB. Mood chart
OC. Information radiator
O D. Morale survey
Correct
A dashboard is a common method of showing large quantities of information on metrics
electronically with high-level summaries and drill-down analysis. Dashboards present information in
a visually summarized format, making it easier for stakeholders to absorb and understand project
status and key metrics.
75. As a project manager, you want to maintain a visible, physical display that provides information to the rest of
the organization for timely knowledge sharing. What are these visible displays called, and where are they
usually posted?
OA. Dashboards; in a scheduling or reporting tool
OB. Mood charts; at the project team's workspace
C. Information radiators; posted where people can easily see the information
OD. Morale surveys; in the project documentation repository
Correct
Information radiators; posted where people can easily see the information. Information radiators,
also known as big visible charts (BVCS), are visible, physical displays that provide information to the
rest of the organization, enabling timely knowledge sharing. They are posted in a place where people
can see the information easily, rather than having information in a scheduling or reporting tool.
76. What is the purpose of a task board in a lean environment?
A. To track the number of new viewers on a website
OB. To measure the velocity of project teams.
OC. To illustrate processes and compare actual against expected performance.
D. To present up-to-date information for the Planning Performance Domain.
Correct
A task board in a lean environment, also known as a visual control, is used to illustrate processes and
easily compare actual performance against expected performance. It visually represents the status of
tasks, showing work that is ready to be started, work in progress, and work that is completed. It allows
anyone to see at a glance the status of tasks and helps identify potential bottlenecks in the project
workflow.
77. How can flow-based projects, such as those using kanban boards, limit the amount of work in progress?
OA. By setting stretch goals and aspirational measures.
B. By implementing exception plans for forecasted variances.
C. By using different color sticky notes to represent different types of work.
D. By "swarming" around current work when a column approaches the work in progress limit.
Correct
d) Flow-based projects, like those using kanban boards, aim to optimize workflow and reduce work in
progress to enhance efficiency. When a column on a kanban board approaches the work in progress
limit, project team members can "swarm" around the current work to help those working on tasks
that are slowing down the flow. This collaborative approach ensures that tasks move smoothly
through the workflow and avoid bottlenecks.
1/1 point
1/1 point
1/1 point
1/1 point
"
"