by more detailed planning after the design phase. Which development approach is likely being used for this
project?
OA. Adaptive approach
OB. Predictive approach
C. Incremental approach
OD. Hybrid approach
Correct
A "Predictive approach" involves high-level planning up front and progressively elaborating with
more detail throughout the project, aligning with the described scenario.
133. A project manager is distinguishing between project scope and product scope. Which statement accurately
describes the difference between the two?
OA. Project scope defines the work performed, while product scope characterizes the work to deliver the
specified features and functions.
B. Project scope characterizes the work to deliver the specified features and functions, while product
scope defines the work performed.
OC. Project scope and product scope are synonymous terms and refer to the same aspects of the project.
OD. Project scope encompasses the work performed and the specified features and functions, while
product scope focuses on the project's stakeholders.
Correct
A Project scope defines the work performed, while product scope characterizes the work to deliver
the specified features and functions, as described in option A.
134. A project manager is preparing for potential changes throughout the project. Which of the following
processes is specifically designed to address changes to the project's scope, schedule, and budget?
OA. Procurement management
O B. Change control process
OC. Physical resource management
OD. Stakeholder engagement
Correct
B The change control process is designed to manage and address changes to the project's scope,
schedule, and budget.
135. A project manager is responsible for establishing processes, managing physical resources, and creating a
learning environment within the project team. Which performance domain aligns with these responsibilities?
A. Stakeholder Performance Domain
OB. Development Approach and Life Cycle Performance Domain
OC. Planning Performance Domain
OD. Project Work Performance Domain
Correct
D. The decorintion aliane with the manancihilitiae of the Drainet Wark Darformance Domain which
1/1 point
1/1 point
1/1 point