153. A project manager wants to ensure that the project team's interactions and stakeholder engagement are
effective. How does the Project Work Performance Domain support this objective?
1/1 point
A. By emphasizing minimizing stakeholder engagement
B. By providing an environment for efficient project team meetings
◇ C. By reducing the complexity of the project's triple bottom line
OD. By focusing solely on balancing constraints
Correct
B The excerpt states that Project Work Performance Domain provides the environment for effective
project team meetings, interactions, and stakeholder engagement.
154. The project manager receives status reports indicating that project work is efficient and effective. Which
outcome does this primarily check?
OA. Effective management of procurements
OB. Appropriate communication and engagement with stakeholders
C. Efficient management of physical resources
OD. Efficient and effective project performance
Correct
D The status reports showing efficient and effective project work directly check the outcome of
"Efficient and effective project performance."
155. The project manager reviews evidence that project processes have been tailored to meet the needs of the
project and environment. Which checking outcome does this evidence support?
OA. Efficient management of physical resources
OB. Appropriate communication and engagement with stakeholders
C. Effective management of procurements
OD. Project processes appropriate for the project and environment
Correct
D The evidence that project processes have been tailored supports the checking outcome of having
"Project processes appropriate for the project and environment."
156. The project manager observes that there are few ad hoc requests for information or misunderstandings
regarding stakeholder engagement and communication. Which checking outcome does this observation
primarily indicate?
A. Appropriate communication and engagement with stakeholders
1/1 point
1/1 point
1/1 point