delivery.
127. At the start of a project, the estimates for work effort, duration, and costs have a broad range. As the project
evolves and more information becomes available, how is the range of estimates typically affected?
A. The range of estimates becomes narrower.
OB. The range of estimates becomes wider.
OC. The range of estimates remains constant.
OD. The range of estimates is not impacted by project evolution.
Correct
The range of estimates becomes narrower as the project evolves and more information becomes
available, leading to increased accuracy and decreased uncertainty.
128. A project manager is comparing two estimates for the same task: Estimate A is "2 days," and Estimate B is
"sometime this week." Which statement is true regarding the precision and accuracy of these estimates?
A. Estimate A has higher precision and higher accuracy than Estimate B.
B. Estimate A has lower precision and higher accuracy than Estimate B.
OC. Estimate A has higher precision and lower accuracy than Estimate B.
D. Estimate A has lower precision and lower accuracy than Estimate B.
Correct
Estimate A ("2 days") has higher precision and higher accuracy than Estimate B ("sometime this
week") because it provides a specific and quantifiable time frame.
1/1 point
1/1 point
129. A project manager needs to shorten the project duration for the least incremental cost. Which schedule
compression method should be applied?
1/1 point
A. Fast tracking
OB. Resource leveling
C. Milestone scheduling
O D. Schedule crashing
Correct
"Schedule crashing" seeks to shorten the project duration for the least incremental cost, often by
adding resources or working overtime.
130. A project manager is exploring ways to expedite project work by performing activities in parallel, even though
they are normally done sequentially. Which schedule compression method is being described in this
scenario?
OA. Resource leveling
OB. Schedule crashing
OC. Fast tracking
O D. Critical path method
Correct
The described scenario of performing activities in parallel that are normally done sequentially aligns
with "Fast tracking."
131.A project manager is considering adding contingency time or funds to estimates to account for uncertainty.
This strategy is especially useful for which type of project parameter?
OA. Predictive parameters
OB. Precise parameters
C. Certain parameters
OD. Uncertain parameters
Correct
Adding contingency time or funds to estimates account for uncertainty is useful for "uncertain
parameters."
132.A project manager is leading a project with an approach that involves high-level planning up front, followed
1/1 point
1/1 point
1/1 point