OD. Appropriate communication and engagement with stakeholders
Correct
A Evaluating changes holistically with consideration for various impacts supports the checking
outcome of "Effective handling of change."
160. The project manager observes that team status reports show fewer errors and rework with an increase in
velocity. Which checking outcome does this observation primarily indicate?
OA. Improved capability due to continuous learning and process improvement
OB. Efficient and effective project performance
OC. Project processes appropriate for the project and environment
D. Effective management of procurements
Correct
A The observation of fewer errors, less rework, and increased velocity supports the checking outcome
of "Improved capability due to continuous learning and process improvement."
161. The Delivery Performance Domain focuses on producing expected deliverables that drive intended outcomes.
Which desired outcome does this primarily align with?
A. Stakeholders accept and are satisfied with project deliverables.
OB. Project benefits are realized in the planned time frame.
C. Projects contribute to business objectives and strategy advancement.
D. The project team has a clear understanding of requirements
Correct
The Delivery Performance Domain aligns with the desired outcome of "Projects contribute to
business objectives and advancement of strategy."
162. A project manager is using a development approach that supports releasing deliverables throughout the
project life cycle. How does this approach impact the delivery of value?
O A. Projects start delivering value after the initial deployment.
B. Projects realize outcomes they were initiated to deliver.
◇ C. Projects capture business value long after project completion.
◇ D. Projects focus on meeting scope and quality expectations.
Correct
Using a development approach that supports releasing deliverables throughout the project life cycle
enables projects to start delivering value to the business, customer, or stakeholders during the
project.
163. The project manager decomposes scope into lower levels of detail using a hierarchical structure to identify
deliverables and work required. What is this structure called?
O A. Stakeholder hierarchy
B. Theme hierarchy
C. Work breakdown structure (WBS)
OD. Project charter hierarchy
Correct
The hierarchical structure used to decompose scope into lower levels of detail is known as the Work
Breakdown Structure (WBS).
1/1 point
1/1 point
1/1 point
1/1 point